README.md, before:

   # Portfoilo Grant Royseth 
   To start I made an HTML file and Assets folder that contains my css folder and imgs file.
I placed a rest.css in my css folder and liked it to html
I made a wireframe for all my boxes, header, and the main body.
Once I had all my boxs in place I worked on the header, finding colors and images that looked good
with the page.
In the header is a sidebar with the links and profile picture with a discription.
I worked down and placed a sidebar with text inside, then I put 3 flexboxes next to the sidebar.
I fit the 3 images in each flexbox for 3 coming soon projects along with 3 "Coming Soon" text.
Then I got the links in the header liked to the desonations in the main.
I filled out the about me and footer that have links with my contact information.
Next I made some media quarries for a max width of 415px, 768px and 1177px.
I went back and added an overlay to the header main picture with the text "Welcome!" once hovered over.
# Update
   I added my work links from github to the work section and replaced to placeholder images with new ones.
   I added my project ReadMe.
    

[My Portfoil link](https://groyseth.github.io/Portfoilo-GR/ "Check it out!")
    






![Screenshot (32)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90479839/148633912-8070db9c-fcd9-42bb-87c7-b0451d690ede.png)
![Screenshot (33)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90479839/148633917-8e8444dc-6ed6-48f7-a6d2-71667f75e605.png)
![Screenshot (34)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90479839/148633920-aa96d980-93c1-4632-87c3-e42a48e17719.png)

Commit message:

fixed and done with meida quary

README.md, after:

   # Portfoilo Grant Royseth 
   To start I made an HTML file and Assets folder that contains my css folder and imgs file.
I placed a rest.css in my css folder and liked it to html
I made a wireframe for all my boxes, header, and the main body.
Once I had all my boxs in place I worked on the header, finding colors and images that looked good
with the page.
In the header is a sidebar with the links and profile picture with a discription.
I worked down and placed a sidebar with text inside, then I put 3 flexboxes next to the sidebar.
I fit the 3 images in each flexbox for 3 coming soon projects along with 3 "Coming Soon" text.
Then I got the links in the header liked to the desonations in the main.
I filled out the about me and footer that have links with my contact information.
Next I made some media quarries for a max width of 415px, 768px and 1177px.
I went back and added an overlay to the header main picture with the text "Welcome!" once hovered over.
# Update
   I added my work links from github to the work section and replaced to placeholder images with new ones.
   I added my projects ReadMe.
   Updated Linkedin with portfoilo and resume.
    

[My Portfoil link](https://groyseth.github.io/Portfoilo-GR/ "Check it out!")
    






![Screenshot (32)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90479839/148633912-8070db9c-fcd9-42bb-87c7-b0451d690ede.png)
![Screenshot (33)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90479839/148633917-8e8444dc-6ed6-48f7-a6d2-71667f75e605.png)
![Screenshot (34)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90479839/148633920-aa96d980-93c1-4632-87c3-e42a48e17719.png)
